doc/sphinx/source/user_manual/mesh_transform/mesh_eval.rst, before:

.. _mesh_eval:

Mesh Evaluation
===============

C API
-----

Enumerators
~~~~~~~~~~~

.. doxygenenum:: PDM_mesh_eval_quality_t

Metric-Based
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_edge_length

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_elt_edge_ratio

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_triangle_quality

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_tetrahedron_quality

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_elt_anisotropy_ratio

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_triangle_skewness

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_tetrahedron_skewness

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_triangle_radii_ratio

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_dmesh_complexity

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_pmesh_complexity

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_elt_natural_metric

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_triangle_load

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_tetrahedron_load

Topological
~~~~~~~~~~~

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_pvtx_valency

Python API
----------

.. ifconfig:: enable_python_doc == 'ON'

    .. rubric:: Functions summary

    .. autosummary::
      :nosignatures:

      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_edge_length
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_elt_edge_ratio
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_triangle_quality
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_tetrahedron_quality
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_elt_anisotropy_ratio
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_triangle_skewness
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_tetrahedron_skewness
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_triangle_radii_ratio
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_elt_natural_metric
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_triangle_load
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_tetrahedron_load
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_pvtx_valency

    .. rubric:: Metric-Based

    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_edge_length
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_elt_edge_ratio
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_triangle_quality
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_tetrahedron_quality
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_elt_anisotropy_ratio
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_triangle_skewness
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_tetrahedron_skewness
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_triangle_radii_ratio
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_elt_natural_metric
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_triangle_load
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_tetrahedron_load

    .. rubric:: Topology

    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_pvtx_valency

Commit message:

[doc] fix PDM_ENABLE_EXTENSION_PDMA OFF (incomplete)

doc/sphinx/source/user_manual/mesh_transform/mesh_eval.rst, after:

.. _mesh_eval:

Mesh Evaluation
===============

C API
-----

Enumerators
~~~~~~~~~~~

.. doxygenenum:: PDM_mesh_eval_quality_t

Metric-Based
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_edge_length

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_elt_edge_ratio

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_triangle_quality

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_tetrahedron_quality

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_elt_anisotropy_ratio

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_triangle_skewness

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_tetrahedron_skewness

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_triangle_radii_ratio

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_dmesh_complexity

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_pmesh_complexity

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_elt_natural_metric

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_triangle_load

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_tetrahedron_load

Topological
~~~~~~~~~~~

.. doxygenfunction:: PDM_mesh_eval_pvtx_valency

Python API
----------

.. ifconfig:: enable_python_doc == 'ON'

    .. rubric:: Functions summary

    .. autosummary::
      :nosignatures:

      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_edge_length
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_elt_edge_ratio
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_triangle_quality
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_tetrahedron_quality
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_elt_anisotropy_ratio
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_triangle_skewness
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_tetrahedron_skewness
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_triangle_radii_ratio
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_elt_natural_metric
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_triangle_load
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_tetrahedron_load
      ~Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_pvtx_valency

    .. rubric:: Metric-Based

    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_edge_length
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_elt_edge_ratio
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_triangle_quality
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_tetrahedron_quality
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_elt_anisotropy_ratio
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_triangle_skewness
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_tetrahedron_skewness
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_triangle_radii_ratio
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_elt_natural_metric
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_triangle_load
    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_tetrahedron_load

    .. rubric:: Topological

    .. autofunction:: Pypdm.Pypdm.mesh_eval_pvtx_valency

.. ifconfig:: enable_python_doc == 'OFF'

  .. warning::
    Unavailable (refer to the :ref:`installation guide <enable_python_interface>` to enable the Python API)
